mine's apps done with an iPhone and iPad
video app review for blue cam premium by
mother Tucker LLC this app sells for
$0.99 it is a universal app so it works
on both the iPhone and iPad what I'm
opening you up to is the game center
mode this is a cool app okay so the blue
cam premium is a full-featured camera
app for the iPhone currently because the
iPad has no camera but the iPad 2 going
to take care of that most likely so the
app goes on the iPhone it goes on the
iPad and the iPad becomes a remote for
the i phone now the cool thing is
through the iPhone you can actually
preview live view and live video on the
iPad so for example if I'm at home with
my iPad my wife's out and she pops the
app and connects with me through a game
center we can actually because you have
to you have to do it through Game Center
she can actually show me where she's at
take pictures where she's at I can take
a picture for she's at but she can
communicate with me through FaceTime but
it's not really FaceTime it's through
this app so pretty pretty cool if I was
connected to Wi-Fi I have a Wi-Fi only
iPad this would actually show Google
Maps satellite street in hybrid view
I've already checked it out looks really
cool that's where I'm at so if we go
back it's going to show you it says my
road it took a screenshot of where it's
at so that's where I'm at if I'm moving
ahead with the iPhone you can actually
see the movement on here so that's
really cool and if you remember my speed
pro speed that that review where I got
in the car and drove around that was a
were the one where I had the developers
drive around that was up there the same
developers of this app so here's what we
have I have my iPhone set up across the
room looking at some stuff it's a little
blurry because of the the iPad itself
and the image that the iPad shows on
here but on the other end it's not
blurry at all so we could take a picture
now we've taken a picture with the
camera
and now you see the picture now it was
much more clear take it again
it pops up and it's much more clear as
you can see and it goes back now you
have all these presets you can fool
around with you can turn the you can
turn the torch on and it lights it up
you can put it back on auto we can go
down here to all the settings and you
can see all the settings that you can
manipulate and you can connect with this
app through Bluetooth or Game Center I'm
currently connected through bluetooth so
you're going to have to be closer if
you're going to do it on Bluetooth Game
Center you can do the one thing with
Game Center that you can't do is you
cannot send the media being the pictures
or the video to each other with
Bluetooth you can so that is something
that's for the closer proximity you have
some other settings here to burst shot
and wait delay and you can look at the
images that I took earlier there that's
when I was in the game center when
before I got on camera now hold on a
second let me grab the camera
and now you can see by going here we can
actually see the pictures I just took
there you go and that is blue Camp
premium so it's a very neat app it's an
app that again is made for previewing
and showing people live view and letting
them remote control your camera with
your iPad again the blue cam premium app
is a full-featured
photo app with a ton of features nine
times zoom and with this you can
actually manipulate the zoom I can zoom
in the camera with my iPad pretty cool
very freaky pretty neat that's it for
blue cam premium a bunch of other
features they didn't show you but mainly
you can track people through Game Center
which is neat on Google Maps and you can
share live view preview on Game Center
but you can actually send the media back
and forth through bluetooth until next
time this is crazy Mike saying